# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 18ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 22ms
    [gap of 33ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 85ms
  [gap of 36ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 124ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 39ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 23ms
    [gap of 11ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 73ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 79ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 53ms
  [gap of 24ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 79ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 39ms
    create-variant-model 18ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 59ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    [gap of 64ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 199ms
  [gap of 104ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 309ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 22ms
    [gap of 32ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 83ms
  [gap of 31ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 117ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-X86-model 15ms
    [gap of 41ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 81ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 95ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 34ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    create-X86-model 20ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 116ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 129ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 32ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 18ms
    [gap of 36ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 67ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 73ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 30ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 48ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 21ms
    [gap of 29ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 74ms
  [gap of 30ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 108ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 37ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 25ms
    [gap of 34ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 108ms
  [gap of 33ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 146ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 17ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 22ms
    [gap of 30ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 80ms
  [gap of 30ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 113ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 56ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 24ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 42ms
    [gap of 42ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 127ms
  [gap of 40ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 172ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 18ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 25ms
    [gap of 31ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 84ms
  [gap of 38ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 126ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 18ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 23ms
    [gap of 30ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 82ms
  [gap of 36ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 123ms

